content.js:272   Developers, remember to disable the Screen Shader chrome extension and reload the page when developing.    Screen Shader updates the dom often and might cause lag in the devtools!                                   You can disable this warning in Screen Shader's settings.                                                
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🚀 Starting complete asset loading for YC Demo
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 📝 Loading fonts...
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 Loading font: /fonts/Boldonse-Regular.ttf
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 ✓ Font loaded successfully: /fonts/Boldonse-Regular.ttf
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🎬 Loading embedded videos...
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 Loading embedded video: /Videos/1-HelloWorldv2.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 Loading embedded video: /Videos/2-MemoryTestv1.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 Loading embedded video: /Videos/3-ChatGPTFinalVersion.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 Loading embedded video: /Videos/4-GoogleFormsTestv2.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 Loading embedded video: /Videos/5-SignInTest - Made with Clipchamp.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 Loading embedded video: /Videos/6-TweetTest - Made with Clipchamp.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 Loading embedded video: /Videos/7-GuiBasicTest - Made with Clipchamp.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 Loading embedded video: /Videos/8-TerminalBasicTest - Made with Clipchamp.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 ✓ Embedded video ready: /Videos/1-HelloWorldv2.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 ✓ Embedded video ready: /Videos/2-MemoryTestv1.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 ✓ Embedded video ready: /Videos/3-ChatGPTFinalVersion.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 ✓ Embedded video ready: /Videos/4-GoogleFormsTestv2.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 ✓ Embedded video ready: /Videos/5-SignInTest - Made with Clipchamp.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 ✓ Embedded video ready: /Videos/6-TweetTest - Made with Clipchamp.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 ✓ Embedded video ready: /Videos/7-GuiBasicTest - Made with Clipchamp.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 ✓ Embedded video ready: /Videos/8-TerminalBasicTest - Made with Clipchamp.mp4
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🎨 Ensuring complete render with all styles...
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
index-DxfCOQmU.js:3922 🔄 Still loading: styles=false, dom=true, elements=true, computed=true
